chilly new details are emerging of the
deranged reporter who killed two former
co-workers on live television just last
month
Vester Flanigan was involved in a nasty
road rage exchange at a red light with
this motorist Brandon Foster I've just
saw him excessively driving I told him
that I didn't appreciate his in
consideration Flanagan even followed the
motorist to his job that's Flanagan in
the parking lot way to follow me what
happened next was a face-to-face
confrontation I've been finished you
followed me here okay it's sort of a
eerie thing to think about how how
aggressive he was yesterday certainly
makes me think about what happened that
day a lot more anger and intimidation
are words that followed Flanagan during
his career as a TV reporter colleagues
at WDBJ in Roanoke say Flanagan
frightened them
his bosses threatened him with
termination at least five times we spoke
to his former boss WDBJ general manager
Jeff Marx he didn't want to improve or
he showed no signs of it and
and he just couldn't get along with
people in one incident Flanagan was
reprimanded for wearing a Barack Obama
sticker as he voted during the 2012
election station officials called it a
clear violation of standard journalistic
ethics when he was fired in 2013
Flanagan refused to leave the newsroom
management was so concerned about his
temper coworkers were ushered out of the
newsroom and led into a conference room
for personal safety he just wouldn't
move out of his chair in the newsroom
and so somebody wisely called the police
to come in and help so that our
employees didn't have to have that
unhappy job Flanagan filed a racial
discrimination lawsuit against WDBJ
after his firing but the case was
dismissed
Vester Flanigan one question being
raised is how Flanagan could have been
hired considering his erratic past when
he came to Roanoke he started using the
name Bryce Williams on-air were you at
all aware of the issues that investor
had at his previous employers before he
came to here to the station no the only
place where he put his name down as
Vester Flanigan was actually on the job
application we ran the criminal
background check and he didn't have a
criminal background or a driving record
Flanagan was obsessed with his physical
appearance his Facebook page is loaded
with countless personal photos he seems
particularly proud of his physique was
this a sign of narcissism and if so did
it play any role in his descent into
madness
we asked criminology professor Jack
Levin of Northeastern University there
are lots of narcissists and they never
kill anyone
this guy had a grudge as the details of
Flanigan's life unfold we're learning
that his father Wester senior was a pro
football player drafted by the legendary
coach Vince Lombardi of the Green Bay
Packers a Flanagan family representative
is now speaking out it is with heavy
hearts and deep sadness we express our
deepest condolences to the families of
Alison Parker and Adam Ward we are also
praying for the recovery of Vicki
Gardner
our thoughts and prayers at this time
are with the victims families and with
WDBJ television station family
you